TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Thank you for trying out the Google Toolbar software! By using this 
software, including any third party software made available in conjunction 
with this software, ("Google Toolbar") you agree to be bound by the 
following terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions").

Non-commercial Use Only 
Google Toolbar is made available to you for your non-commercial use only. 
This means that you may use it at work or at home, to search for anything 
you want. But you first need to obtain Google's permission if you want to 
sell the Google Toolbar or any information, services, or software 
associated with or derived from it, or if you want to modify, copy (except 
as provided below), license, or create derivative works from the Google 
Toolbar.

In that case, please send an email to toolbar-feedback@google.com. 
Furthermore, you may not use Google Toolbar in any manner that could 
damage, disable, overburden, or impair Google's search services (e.g., you 
may not use the Google Toolbar in an automated manner), nor may you use 
Google Toolbar in any manner that could interfere with any other party's 
use and enjoyment of Google's search services. 

You may make copies of the Google Toolbar and distribute such copies to 
others within your employer's organization provided that any such 
recipient has had an opportunity to review and agree to be bound by these 
Terms and Conditions.   If others within your organization do not have 
this opportunity to review and agree and you would still like to 
distribute copies to them, you may do so provided that you have the legal 
right to bind your organization (and others within your organization) to 
these Terms and Conditions.  If you do not have this right and the 
recipients do not have an opportunity to review and agree to these Terms 
and Conditions, please do not distribute the Google Toolbar to them.  If 
you have any questions regarding the terms of distribution, please send an 
email to toolbar-feedback@google.com.

If you have comments on Google Toolbar or ideas on how to improve it, 
please email toolbar-feedback@google.com. Please note that by doing so, 
you also grant Google and third parties permission to use and incorporate 
your ideas or comments into Google Toolbar (or third party software) 
without further compensation. 

Intellectual Property
You acknowledge that Google or third parties own all rights, title and 
interest in and to the Google Toolbar, portions thereof, or software 
provided through or in conjunction with the Google Toolbar, including 
without limitation all Intellectual Property Rights. "Intellectual 
Property Rights" means any and all rights existing from time to time under 
patent law, copyright law, trade secret law, trademark law, unfair 
competition law, and any and all other proprietary rights, and any and all 
applications, renewals, extensions and restorations thereof, now or 
hereafter in force and effect worldwide. You agree not to modify, adapt, 
translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, 
disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code from Google 
Toolbar. You also agree to not remove, obscure, or alter Google's or any 
third party's copyright notice, trademarks, or other proprietary rights 
notices affixed to or contained within or accessed in conjunction with or 
through the Google Toolbar. 

Disclaimer of Warranties 
Google and any third party who makes its software available in conjunction 
with or through the Google Toolbar disclaim any responsibility for any 
harm resulting from your use of the Google Toolbar and/or any third party 
software accessed in conjunction with or through the Google Toolbar. 

THE GOOGLE TOOLBAR AND ANY THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE MADE AVAILABLE IN 
CONJUNCTION WITH OR THROUGH THE GOOGLE TOOLBAR ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH 
NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER. GOOGLE AND SUCH THIRD PARTIES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM 
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED, AND STATUTORY 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF 
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. GOOGLE AND ANY THIRD PARTY WHO MAKES ITS SOFTWARE 
AVAILABLE IN CONJUNCTION WITH OR THROUGH THE GOOGLE TOOLBAR DISCLAIM ANY 
WARRANTIES REGARDING THE SECURITY, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND 
PERFORMANCE OF GOOGLE TOOLBAR AND SUCH THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE. 

YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU DOWNLOAD AND/OR USE THE GOOGLE TOOLBAR 
AND ALL THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE MADE AVAILABLE IN CONJUNCTION WITH OR THROUGH 
THE GOOGLE TOOLBAR AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE 
SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA 
THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OR USE OF GOOGLE TOOLBAR AND SUCH THIRD 
PARTY SOFTWARE. SOME STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE 
EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO 
YOU. YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE AND 
JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION. 

Limitation of Liability 
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL GOOGLE OR ANY THIRD PARTY WHO MAKES ITS 
SOFTWARE AVAILABLE IN CONJUNCTION WITH OR THROUGH THE GOOGLE TOOLBAR BE 
LIABLE TO ANY USER ON ACCOUNT OF THAT USER'S USE OR MISUSE OF GOOGLE 
TOOLBAR OR SUCH THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE. SUCH LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL 
APPLY TO PREVENT RECOVERY OF DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, 
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, AND PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED ON 
WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, (EVEN IF 
GOOGLE AND/OR A THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE PROVIDER HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES). SUCH LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY 
WHETHER THE DAMAGES ARISE FROM USE OR MISUSE OF AND RELIANCE ON THE GOOGLE 
TOOLBAR AND ALL THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE MADE AVAILABLE IN CONJUNCTION WITH OR 
THROUGH THE GOOGLE TOOLBAR, FROM INABILITY TO USE GOOGLE TOOLBAR AND ALL 
THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE MADE AVAILABLE IN CONJUNCTION WITH OR THROUGH THE 
GOOGLE TOOLBAR, OR FROM THE INTERRUPTION, SUSPENSION, OR TERMINATION OF 
GOOGLE TOOLBAR AND ALL THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE MADE AVAILABLE IN CONJUNCTION 
WITH OR THROUGH THE GOOGLE TOOLBAR (INCLUDING SUCH DAMAGES INCURRED BY 
THIRD PARTIES). SUCH LIMITATION SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING A FAILURE OF 
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT 
PERMITTED BY LAW. 

SOME STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE 
ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 

Google's Search Service 
Google Toolbar is designed to be used in conjunction with Google's search 
services. Accordingly, your use of Google Toolbar is also defined by 
Google's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. 

Miscellaneous Provisions
These Terms and Conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to the 
conflict of laws provisions of California or your actual state or country 
of residence. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds 
any provision or portion of these Terms and Conditions to be 
unenforceable, the remainder of these Terms and Conditions will continue 
in full force and effect. 

These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between the 
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede and 
replace all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written 
or oral, regarding such subject matter. Any waiver of any provision of 
these Terms and Conditions will be effective only if in writing and signed 
by Google and/or a third party who make its software available in 
conjunction with or through the Google Toolbar. 

December 2003
